64
prepared by the Association Office following the Trade Call. In the
event of any subsequent dispute concerning the terms and conditions of
the transaction, the Trade Memorandum shall govern.
             (c) The Commissioner shall be empowered to establish
such additional procedures as are necessary and appropriate to foster
the orderly conduct of Assignment Transactions.
             (d) No Assignment Transaction shall be valid and
enforceable unless conducted pursuant to the procedures set forth in
this Section 4.
             4.03. Full Disclosure.
             (a) A Member shall disclose during a Trade Call all
relevant information in its possession, custody, or control concerning
the health of a Player whose contract or negotiating rights the Member
is assigning. For purposes of the foregoing sentence, “relevant
information” shall include any information concerning current or prior
injuries, illnesses, or other health conditions that could affect the
Player’s ability to play skilled basketball at any point during the
Player’s career. No Member shall misrepresent or fail to disclose any
such relevant information.
             (b) No Member shall make any other material
misrepresentation or fail to disclose any other material information
during the Trade Call.
             (c) If any Member is found, after a hearing before the
Commissioner, to have violated subsections (a) or (b) above, the
Member shall be subject to penalty. Such penalty shall be within the
absolute and sole discretion of the Commissioner and may include a
fine (not to exceed $1,000,000), suspension of the offending employee,
rescission of the Assignment Transaction, and/or forfeiture or transfer
of the offending Member’s draft choices.

