                                                                      23
                               ARTICLE 9
             CERTAIN PLAYING SITE RELOCATIONS
             Articles 7, 8(b), and 8(c) shall not apply to a request by a
Member, in accordance with this Article 9, to transfer the home playing
site of one or more of its Regular Season or Playoff Games to a
different facility under the following circumstances:
             (a) the usual home playing site is unavailable on a date
scheduled for a Playoff Game;
             (b) an unanticipated event or emergency renders the
usual home playing site temporarily unavailable or unsuitable and the
Member wishes to play its home games during such period at another
facility; or
             (c) the Member seeks to schedule up to four (4) of its
Regular Season home games at another playing site within its Territory.
             In order for a Member to transfer the home playing site of
any of its Regular Season or Playoff Games under the circumstances set
forth in Article 9(a), 9(b), or 9(c) above, the Member must make an
application in writing to the Commissioner, who is empowered to grant
or deny such application, either unconditionally or upon specific
conditions, as in his judgment shall be in the best interests of the
Association (based on such factors as the Commissioner deems
appropriate, including the extent to which the arena to which the
Member seeks to relocate complies with the NBAâ€™s minimum arena
standards). An application pursuant to Article 9(a) or 9(b) shall be
made promptly upon the occurrence of the event rendering the home
playing site unavailable or unsuitable, and an application pursuant to
Article 9(c) must be made on or before the first day of May preceding
the Season in which the Member proposes to play up to four (4) of its
home games at the additional playing site. An application pursuant to
this Article 9 shall specify the reasons for the proposed transfer and

